credit FS with writing flip-link (#182)
ferrous-systems/rust-exercises: exercise-book/src/nrf52-usb-stack-overflow-protection.md

(HOST) ERROR the program has overflowed its stack
```

> ❗️ `flip-link` is an external tool written by Ferrous Systems, so make sure you've installed it through `cargo install flip-link`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❗️ `flip-link` is an third-party tool (actually it was written by Ferrous Systems), so make sure you've installed it through `cargo install flip-link`
```
